Will be.  You all know that
under the new GST working,
18% discount has been given on health insurance.  This means that now there will be
zero% GST on health insurance.
This is very big and good news for you
and for those who are involved in this business,
consider it a win, the lottery has opened.
Yes friends, I am talking about
a business opportunity of becoming an agent in ICC Lombard in
which you can
work brilliantly by joining the company.
Can sell health insurance.  You
can sell motor insurance and can
also work in non-motor insurance along with motor insurance.
ICC Lumbard has one of the best track
records.  Number one excellent company in health insurance.  The
claim settlement
is excellent and the premium is also very reasonable.
All of you who want to
learn and do this working on part time or full time basis are
welcome.
One time exam of ₹1000 will be charged.  It will be necessary to pass the exam.
After passing the exam,
you can genuinely learn all these workings
and join them.
What is the best part?  All over India base 100% digital
platform.  No matter where you are in India,
you
can join, learn and work with us.
Already more than 500 agents are
working with us and earning handsomely.  It
is very easy to earn Rs 25,000 to Rs 5 lakh per month here.  This
opportunity is for all of you.  Whether you
want to do full time, part time or any other work, you can do it.
WhatsApp once, write.  My name is Yogendra
Verma IC Recruitment Manager.  Hello.